FileUploader: add code to onValueChanged (#7015)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxFileUploader/1 Configuration/onValueChanged.md

                reader.onload = () => {
                    setImagePreviews((prevImages) => [
                        ...prevImages,
                        { src: reader.result, name: file.name },
                    ]);
                };
                reader.readAsDataURL(file);
            });
        }, []);
        return (
            <div>
                <FileUploader
                    multiple={true}
                    uploadMode="useButtons"
                    accept="image/*"
                    onValueChanged={onFileSelected}
                />
                <div id="list">
                    {imagePreviews.map((image, index) => (
                    <span key={index}>
                        <img
                        className="thumb"
                        src={image.src}
                        title={image.name}
                        alt={image.name}
                        />
                    </span>
                    ))}
                </div>
            </div>
        );
    }

    <!-- tab: styles.css -->
    .thumb {
        height: 150px;
        max-width: 150px;
        border: 1px solid #000;
        margin: 10px 5px 0 0;
    }

---

> To learn how to retrieve file data after uploading, refer to the following demo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on how to retrieve file data after uploading, refer to the following demo:
```
